<!-- markdownlint-disable heading-increment line-length first-line-heading -->
# .notes/2025-09-14_20-22_EEST_to-do.md

I want to do three things. These are my main tasks.

Do not do anything, Claude Code unless I specifically ask you.

**BACKGROUND:** I have submitted the project and had an audit.
During the audit three requirements failed.

  [Audit README](make-your-game-01-edu-audit-readme.md)

###### Questions

### Timer

- **?** [Does the countdown/timer clock seem to be working?](make-your-game-01-edu-audit-readme.md#does-the-countdowntimer-clock-seem-to-be-working)  
  **!**    There is no timer. That needs to be implemented

### Layers

- **?** [Can you confirm that the layers are being used as little as possible?](make-your-game-01-edu-audit-readme.md#can-you-confirm-that-the-layers-are-being-used-as-little-as-possible)  
  **!** Layers, technically there are no layers as such that would be seen in Chrome. Ideally we should have at
  least two, better 3 or 4:  
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;1\. pop up screens, game over, start screen  
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;2\. paddle and ball  
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;3\. Bricks and scores  
    &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;4\. Background, pop up at bottom, keys and their function

### 60 FPS

**?** [Does the game run at/or around 60fps? (from 50 to 60 or more)](./make-your-game-01-edu-audit-readme.md#does-the-game-run-ator-around-60fps-from-50-to-60-or-more)  
**!** It is actually 30 FPS at the minute. The game loop actually does unnessary stuff that can be sucessfully eliminated

### Tasks

0. Task  
    - [ ] Sort out git script/workflow to save local changes in `feature`.  
        - [ ] Name it  
        - [ ] document it  
        - [ ] comment & and commit  
        - [ ] tag it
        - [ ] merge (!!!!!) it with existing remote stuff on that branch  
        - [ ] *then* merge `feature` with `dev` branch  
        - [ ] *then* merge working `dev` branch with `main`
  
1. Change 30 FPS to 60 FPS by cutting out unnessary code in game loop.  
   - [ ] 60 FPS  
   - [ ] Test that by checking in Browser  
   - [ ] commit, merge with dev, push to gitea, merge with main
  
2. Timer  
    - [ ] take timer from experiments  
        - [ ] merge experiments with dev and main  
        kkk kkkk
3. Layers  
   - [ ] 